htop: add --tree example (#13303)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/htop.md

`htop --user {{username}}`

> - Displays processes hierarchically in a tree view to show parent-child relationships:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display processes hierarchically in a tree view to show the parent-child relationships:
```
